---
title:   Blog Tracker - 2017-18
layout: post
author: robert.spittal
permalink: /--blog-tracker---2017-18/
source-id: 1dNALwm52MAzHk5icXrEDoMclF4f4WwACmWvRaOUUBAA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Work through blockly games.</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson:</td>
    <td>Work through blockly games and at least get to the turtle.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes as I got near the end of the turtle.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>Even on the first stage I found it hard and I failed many times but in the end I did get it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>When I couldn't do those bits I asked myself what I’ve done which is similar to scratch helping work through.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>When I couldn’t do the early stages I still didn’t skip any rounds and didn’t ask anyone for help and I got there in the end. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I used all the skills I had used for my scratch and transferred them to blockly games helping me to do the levels.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Since I was getting stuck a lot I should’ve been able to do them because of all the work on scratch. Even if I couldn’t do it I could’ve remembered more from previous things and used that therefore making me faster and getting further on.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When I am doing my class work or my homework. I don’t just do it and then not learn or remember what I’ve done, because then I can’t get further with other things that I’m doing.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


